So in the previous video I said that we're going to work in the back end first and then we'll come back.
But actually we can just finish our functionality here and then go to the back and it's the same thing.
All right.
So I'm going to create a function and that function will be then let's call it let's call it by the
same name upload.
Okay.
So what do you want to do is.
You want to put this in a separate file because this upload feature will be used later in other files
as well.
So if you want, you can continue on this file, move it to some other files later.
Maybe that's the right thing to do just to make things easier.
All right.
So let's continue here.
And then later, we will move to several files so that it's easy to reuse.
Right.
So, like I said, we're going to resize the miss and then we send to the backend.
So for that, we're going to use this dispatches from NPM React Image File, resize it.
I discovered that.
Come on.
So we're going to use that.
And this bag as it gives us.
So we say as a function, resize it and we access this function, image, file, resize.
And all these arguments you can possibly can pass the file.
You can pass the height and width, whatever you want.
Compress in format, quality rotation, height, width.
You can pass all this as an argument to this function.
So the most important one is file.
And did they have used here so the file these values they are the width and height compression that's
a big format.
The quantity is 100.
You can see that's how it has been priced and they are the important one is this callback function.
And see the callback function will give you the resized images as a base64 you will get the images in
this base64 format here.
So here you going to make a request and using excuse to send this images to your back in and back and
we over to currently we get the euro that here you want to send as a response so that when you have
a level here so in the image uploaded you will get the URL and that here will be sent along with the
post.
All right, so let's.
And so this one.
So let me stop this for now.
And so that
was that was great.
Now.
Let's in for that here.
So a researcher from.
React email.
So you must file, resize it and then we use the which is already here.
Okay.
So here first let's create the resize function that will resize the file and then we in to create the
uprooting this function right here.
I guess we need to this one is to resize const, let's call it and resize file.
This will require the file as an argument.
Then our function is upload images equals to async file.
We will approve.
So upload image.
As you can see this in the editor, we have used that to upload the image.
That function should return the euro so that the the immense euro will be in the full.
So it will be in the post.
So a broad aim is will first receive the file so we can come on the front and the screen to comment
this outside.
I know it looks quite painful to take this out just to make sure everything is going according to plan.
If you have some issues right now from that, actually we're not going to use from that since we're
going to use this result.
This is a package that will give you the best 64 format of the image.
So what do you want to do is you want to use, try and catch.
So what do you want to try here?
You want to try the resize file?
You want to execute that.
Okay.
So once it is, it wants to await results file and you give the file.
So what it will do is.
It will.
You can see the results.
File This function will reside in the file and give you the the you are right the best 64 formats of
the file.
All right.
So once again, that in this in a best 64 format, you want to use excuse to send it to the back end.
Now, of course, we don't have the the back endpoint for uploading image yet, but we will work on
that in the next period.
So wait, excuse dark post.
We make a post request, the end phone is going to be upload image and the data is going to be image.
So we send as object in this.
Okay.
Here you want to console.log and see what you get.
Upload file the response.
So you should get the uploaded images.
You are you url?
Yeah.
So what do you want to do is data to TRL.
Okay.
Now at the moment it will not work, but we should still be able to see the images resized here.
All right, so let's try the.
So you can see this function.
We'll resize the images and give us the best format so you can consume log images.
Best 64.
And let me use written cure because we do not have the endpoint yet, so no point executing that.
So we return for now.
Just for now.
All right.
So we should be able to see the best 64 format of the list.
Now, let's try to use this package to resize it.
In fact, we going to use new promised.
And from this will resolve.
Right.
So
resolve.
We're going to use the resources of.
Resize a dot image file.
The results of that is the function to this function.
As you can see, it takes all these arguments.
All these arguments and give you.
The.
You are right.
That one.
That's it's there.
It's a new promise that is closing here, the parentheses.
And then we have this arrow function here.
I guess this arrow function is within the new promise.
All right, so here you can see all these arguments I showed you in the documentation already.
So the file is with high quality compress and format all these options here.
So instead of 300, that would be quite small for the image.
So let me use, let's say 720.
Now you can go even higher, but let's keep it 720
hardly to 400 JPEG image format quality.
We keep it to 100 and the callback function return the will give us the URI so that here will be the
best 64 data which is received here.
Okay, so we console.log that and then we going to file and send that to backing so that we can upload
to the cloud in area.
But we work on that in the following lecture.
Okay, so let's give it a try.
Let's try and let's see if we get the basics for format.
If we do, then we are ready to send it to the backend.
Okay.
So again, I'm getting this annoying error.
Hopefully you didn't get it.
Module.
Not fine.
So looks like this rich text editor behind this in it uses that so let's try to try installing this
one hopefully that results in and so prosecutor tables let me just search here.
Okay.
So it looks like this is the extension for that.
The Packers enemies.
That's how we look.
I guess it's an insult.
Now this is another model.
All of a sudden, we getting all these errors.
At this time might be a little bit tough to use.
To be honest, let me.
It's such a good one.
But let me remove this upload image and let's see what it does to give it a try.
Yeah.
We still getting that.
So hopefully you don't run into too many issues.
I'm always here to help, so if you have any issues, maybe just try to Google it, find it yourself.
If not, post in the Q&A section.
I try my best to help you out, so react is.
Maybe this another module, maybe we can answer.
Let me go and quickly search if this is actually NPM module.
Yes, it is.
I think it's in service when I assume.
It's around the same.
Well, it's quite a problem.
Okay.
So that's the issue.
All right.
Okay.
So previously we didn't have that issue, and now we do.
So this.
Risk takes over, even though it's awesome.
It might give you some headaches, so hopefully you don't come into so many issues.
But if you do, just like I said, push two questions in a Q and six and I'll try my best.
All right.
So but most of the time, even if you look into the actual error message, sometimes it is helpful because
anytime if you get anything like.
I can't find my budget.
Anytime you get anything like the modern art form.
That definitely means the NBA market is not found.
So if you install, most likely you'll be able to fix them.
All right.
So let's try let's see if that conversed.
To give us the best 64 version of the image.
All right, so let's try.
Just afterwards, we got the error.
A man's best suited for his own defiant.
Okay.
So I just realized what happened to like you can see we have the new promise.
New promise.
We'll either resume our visit.
All right.
So we trying to resolve so when it resolves, it should return that result with the URL.
But you can see here I used the Kali bridge.
So anytime you use continuous, we have to make sure to use return cure, right?
So all the way to not return anything.
Now, technically, I don't have to use calibration because this is just a11 function, so one statement.
So I don't have to I can just remove the card address.
Okay.
So that way it works.
But if you use card abuse, then make sure to use a return.
I'm just going to go like this one.
And let me just try again.
Now, if there's an error, this is what happened.
You can do anything of that.
So.
Let me just try.
Immensely.
We try that again.
Now again, it's there.
But this time you you got the control here basically with the image has been converted into base64 data
here.
Okay.
Awesome.
So this is what we're going to send to our back in our back, and we'll upload this.
Ms. which is in the Ms. 64 format.
So it will be uploaded to Cloud Ordinary.
And as a result, we will get the URL and that's the URL we will save here when we are creating the
post.